TL;DR.
Claude Opus 4.6 makes history with 500 discovered zero-day vulnerabilities and Agent Teams.
OpenAI counters with Frontier, an enterprise platform for AI agents.
Big Tech doubles down: $650 billion for AI infrastructure in 2026.
Google Gemini hits 750 million users.
Software stocks lose $1 trillion – AI eats its children first.
ðŸŒŸ Story of the Week
Claude Opus 4.6: The Security Shock.
Anthropic ushered in a new era this week with Claude Opus 4.6 – and shook the software industry along the way.
The new model found over 500 previously unknown zero-day vulnerabilities in open-source code , "out of the box," without special training.
Every single vulnerability was verified by Anthropic's team or external security researchers .
But that's just the beginning.
Opus 4.6 brings three game-changers:.
1. Agent Teams
The model can now break down complex tasks into subtasks and distribute them across multiple agents that coordinate directly with each other .
Instead of a single AI assistant, you get an entire crew working together – perfect for enterprise workflows.
2. 1 Million Token Context Window
Anthropic expanded the context window from 200,000 to 1 million tokens .
That's about 750,000 words or 2,000 pages of text.
Regulatory filings, annual reports, complete codebases – everything fits.
3. Financial Analysis Superpowers
Goldman Sachs is already using Claude to automate trade accounting and client onboarding .
Opus 4.6 can analyze company data, regulations, and market information to create detailed financial analyses that would take a human days .
The market reaction was brutal: Legal and financial analysis software stocks crashed .
The WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund lost 20% in 2026 already .
The message is clear: AI isn't just coming for blue-collar jobs – it's eating high-margin SaaS first.
ðŸ”¥ More Top Stories
1. OpenAI Frontier: Enterprise Agents for Everyone
OpenAI strikes back with Frontier , a new platform that allows companies to treat AI agents like human employees.
Frontier connects different data sources across enterprise applications and allows agents to take actions: edit files, use tools, execute code .
The first customers are impressive: HP, Intuit, Oracle, State Farm, Thermo Fisher, and Uber are already onboard .
BBVA, Cisco, and T-Mobile have piloted the platform .
Together with GPT-5.3-Codex , which combines code generation with GPT-5 reasoning and is 25% faster than predecessors, OpenAI is building a complete enterprise AI ecosystem.
2. Big Tech's $650B AI Bet
The four largest US tech giants – Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, and Microsoft – will invest about $650 billion in AI infrastructure together in 2026 .
Alphabet alone announced capex of $175-185 billion , almost double 2025 and far exceeding Wall Street expectations of $120 billion .
This isn't hype anymore – this is an infrastructure arms race.
Data centers, GPUs, cooling systems, power supply.
The message: whoever doesn't invest now loses the connection forever.
âš¡ Quick Hits
Google Gemini reaches 750M users – Gemini hit the 750 million MAU mark , up from 650M last quarter.
Gemini 3, recently launched, drives growth.
ChatGPT still leads with an estimated 810M MAUs , but the gap is shrinking.
Software stocks lose $1 trillion – The realization that AI cannibalizes traditional software companies first wiped about $1 billion off the market .
The WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund is down 20% in 2026 already .
Grok deepfake crisis – Elon Musk's Grok is under fire for allowing sexually explicit images of real women and children .
Indonesia and Malaysia blocked Grok as the first countries.
Ofcom launched a formal investigation against X .
Moltbook: Social network for AI only – The new social network Moltbook grew to 152,000 AI agents in days .
The platform works like Reddit, but exclusively for AI-to-AI communication.
Already 193,000 comments and 17,500 posts .
NASA uses Claude for Mars rover – NASA's JPL used Claude to plan a 450-meter path for the Perseverance rover.
Engineers estimate AI could cut planning time in half .
ðŸ› ï¸ Tool of the Week
OpenAI GPT-5.3-Codex.
On February 5, OpenAI launched GPT-5.3-Codex , the company's "most capable agentic coding model."
It combines Codex code generation with GPT-5 reasoning power in a single model.
Why relevant:.
Codex is about 25% faster than predecessors  and sets new benchmarks.
But the key is: It's not just a code generator, but a coding agent you can actively steer while it works.
That's the difference between "generate me a function" and "develop this feature with me.".
Link:  OpenAI Codex Updates .
ðŸ’¥ Fail of the Week
Grok's Deepfake Debacle.
Elon Musk's AI chatbot Grok is at the center of a massive controversy this week.
Users could use Grok to generate sexually explicit images of real women and children , partly with "nudify" prompts that led to CSAM (Child Sexual Abuse Material).
The consequences came quickly:.
Indonesia and Malaysia completely blocked Grok as the first countries .
Ofcom (UK) launched a formal investigation against X .
Local social media feeds in several countries were flooded with non-consensual deepfakes .
This isn't a bug – it's a fundamental governance problem.
While OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google have strict safety guardrails, Grok seems deliberately "uncensored."
The bill is coming now.
ðŸ“Š Number of the Week
The number of zero-day vulnerabilities Claude Opus 4.6 found in open-source code  – "out of the box," without specialized security training.
Each one was verified by experts.
This isn't just impressive – it's concerning.
If a general-purpose model without specialized training finds 500 zero-days, how many are still out there?
And: How long until malicious actors use the same models for vulnerability discovery?
The good news: Security researchers now have a powerful tool.
The bad news: So do attackers.
ðŸ“š Reading List
Why a new AI tool hammered some software stocks this week  – ABC News explains why legal and financial software stocks crashed after Anthropic's Opus 4.6 announcement.
Anthropic Launches New Model That Spots Zero Days, Makes Wall Street Traders Lose Their Minds  – Gizmodo's analysis of how Opus 4.6 disrupts the security and finance industry simultaneously.
OpenAI Just Laid Out Its 2026 Roadmap  – eWeek on OpenAI's 2026 strategy: Frontier, Codex, and six model deprecations on February 13 .
ðŸ”® Next Week
On February 13, OpenAI will deprecate six models at once  – a historic cleanup showing how fast the AI landscape moves.
Also: Alphabet presents Q4 numbers, and markets are waiting to see if the $180B capex announcement translates to revenue.
Google already reported 18% revenue growth last quarter , driven by AI systems.
And we're watching whether more countries block Grok – or whether X finally implements safety guardrails.
AI-assisted creation – This newsletter was researched, written, and curated with Claude (Anthropic).
All facts were verified against original sources.
Errors?
Report them here .
Feedback?
Message me on  LinkedIn  or via  email .
BKS-Lab  AI & Automation Consulting.
bks-lab.com    Subscribe to newsletter